README.md, before:

# Video Inpainting

The full pipeline required to inpaint videos can be found in `inpainting_integration.py`.

There are four main classes:

1. `PedestrianDetector()`; the basis of the human detection algorithm that provides a masking matrix indicating target regions to be inpainted
2. `InpaintAlgorithm()`; the basis of the inpainting algorithm that inpaints target regions given an image
3. `InpaintVideo()`; utilizes InpaintAlgorithm() to inpaint a given video
4. `Inpainter()`; integrates `PedestrianDetector()`, `InpaintAlgorithm()` and `InpaintVideo()` to provide a video processing pipeline

## Quick Start

To run inpainting on a given video:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python inpainting_integration.py -f <path-to-video>
```

The script will output a video file in the current working directory.

## Results

Results of the inpainting algorithm on images can be found under the `\gifs` folder. The gif demonstrates the step by step progress of the algorithm inpainting the masked region.

Commit message:

Added notebook instructions to readme

README.md, after:

# Video Inpainting

The full pipeline required to inpaint videos can be found in `inpainting_integration.py`.

There are four main classes:

1. `PedestrianDetector()`; the basis of the human detection algorithm that provides a masking matrix indicating target regions to be inpainted
2. `InpaintAlgorithm()`; the basis of the inpainting algorithm that inpaints target regions given an image
3. `InpaintVideo()`; utilizes InpaintAlgorithm() to inpaint a given video
4. `Inpainter()`; integrates `PedestrianDetector()`, `InpaintAlgorithm()` and `InpaintVideo()` to provide a video processing pipeline

## Quick Start

To run inpainting on a given video:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python inpainting_integration.py -f <path-to-video>
```

The script will output a video file in the current working directory.

## Notebook

Alternatively, the script is provided in a notebook format that can be run using Google Colab. Simply upload `inpainting_integration.ipynb` to Google Colab or a Jupyter Notebook context and run the notebook cells sequentially.

## Results

Results of the inpainting algorithm on images can be found under the `\gifs` folder. The gif demonstrates the step by step progress of the algorithm inpainting the masked region.
